hello and welcome to channel here
the maximo is to the euro truck
simulator 2 and the last time I have
yes four mod packages for the new version
1.19 introduced to you and come today
thanks to three new fashion packages
the one who informs me about them
has flori or florian that was
Anyway, thanks and yes I want
explain to you very briefly which
packages are involved and there they are
many are looking forward to the cargo in the
trailer pack 3 point 4.1 has 778 mb and
what does this package include 379 new ones
charge wow this is a right one
house number 447 traffic or
different trailer types
yes that can be great trailer that
can have long short etc anyway
different trailer types and up to
2000 skins so advertising by
different companies tetra knows this
Of course it is also coordinated with
scandinavia dlc are still there
time over 200 companies at the start
then for those who like to military
Of course, there is also military
cargo pack 1 point 6 point one has 128
mb and has 109 military cargo yes and
33 different companies wow that is
of course, a real house number
then let's go to the last one and
you can not do that, you do not have to do it
in fact, the rail cargo pack is 1 point
6.1 of course it's about trains and
trailer wagons etc 370 pieces at the
number has 113 mb and are again
over 30 company-well then enter yet
just look in the menu and look us
Just let's say we're here
different thing and there you see
beautiful
yes of course that is already known
the here also the Mars 535 was also
ever in the game that's on everyone
If the silo I know every one
I do not have a bagger here yet
Just go round about Iran
here I mean with all the skins
that is as different as we go
just go here
this is known from the original game
I have already seen and before
this trailer who does not play that
Farming simulator that gives
of course also original from the
land hit simulator is almost
the gema continue what we see
here are four different caterpillars
I know the trailer I know
is also more and more animal hand holds the
In any case , I express it
In any case, really nice is new
We also have to go
Let's continue that, for example, a new one
lok diesel locomotive was already in there
So many things are natural
adapted ic3 for the latest version
but there are many many
new skins I think one has on
this worked already look in here
new holland trek here on top of everyone
case very interesting what do you see here
means that for example a whole
Other trailer that was otherwise here in front
dark red I would almost mean now
Here is also new
which are also new here are all the
we all new I would now almost my
Ikea because I had me extra things so
download that you the ikea things
Also shown here are original
a container dr ecet ec3 so here
It is definitely a lot
at the bar and you go in berlin look
What was it going to be here?
every case a nice tracked excavator and
what is there still beautiful krombacher
Here again a bagger so what is that
because
and I mean that with different ones
different trailer types and
sorry i am maybe now
to hit because her yes then give
but also in the profile
there shows up normal just is it
then everything runs like that knows
one already with the buses here that is
the military mod and there are two
once you can do different
choose english or russian and me
of course I have for the English
version so
then there are two different ones
the colors with the trucks you know that
that too is of course here
the trains again two files and
there are three for the trailer in chaos
in fact, many are English
I did not take over the version
I have already in it and I think
it's nice that now slowly the whole
pictures are present in the game so
always go back to the game and
just drive a little one
round
maybe we will somehow see something
extraordinary because he also has a
company what was changed
Maybe we'll see something so marina like that
continue and now are only
times all trucks purpose
we just drive a little round
here through the city of berlin
You know that and that's the way I'm gonna do it
then introduce
again and again when new packages from mine
favorite place manufacturer at the start
and yes now if there are some
ask other trucks last time was still
an end but still with such a
similar paint that of course
the multiplayer paint job is always
not yet final so i can always
not yet the multiplayer donated that
are for example another truck
then this package, too, you have to
Just watch the video of
this motto goes and if sometimes
a single comes because which
explicitly introduce it here but now
I'm going to become the three of me
think that there is something for everyone
Of course there was a bit more
something else than interested me
this is also the case with jason kidd
Buses Buses Different
start are resourceful nice and i will
Show me where I am soon
the euro coach simulator games
you know what I mean by my july
that's nice bus
new drive back and then are
We're back at the start here again
bus my goodness drive here but many
improvements of this roma is of course the
change that not so many now
cars at the start are four you can see
for example what she meant
that in the last video that the
Paint and the trucks will be adjusted
also similar is this
paint cottbus say now and that fits
but very good
the trailer I have to be honest
I like saying that
different loads
military vehicles and trains
that has been the big topic in now
this place package and yes I would
make this place in cut and me
hope you had fun with it
my friends until next time bye
bye